{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
get OpenEXR to install in Ubuntu\
\
- mode where there is no Dst file  (for stats)\
- measure undershoot and overshoot. \
measure PNSR on flat areas separate from busy areas.\
\
\
TODO:\
- document \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 \'97autofilename  0 or 1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 fseek  to \'97start frame   \
\
use parser table from HM\
\
.YUV INPUT\
	\'97 yuv and y4m input\
	\'97 merge TIFF write from yuv2tiff\
	\'97 make 422 and 444 .yuv work. \
\
ARGS\
- io_args_t       :   src, dot,   src_used, dst_used,  default_src, default_dst etc.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 \
CLIP:
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'97src_clip_range max0,min0,\'85max2,min2\
\'97dst_clip_range \
\
STATS:\
\'97src_stats 0\
\'97dst_stats 0\
- build classifier for finding SDR images that behave like HDR.\
\'97 Histogram:\
	\'97 need a range flag or auto-range ?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 	\'97-histogram full  auto   8  \
	- how to handle floats:  convert to 16-bit half-float. or scale to min/max and then quantize to 256 for simple print dump.\
	- measure how many entries have zero count, outside legal range.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
RESAMPLER:\
\'97chroma_resampling_hint  (SMPTE 2050)\
\
SCALER:\
\'97 make float. \
\'97 merge openCV\
\
MISC:\
check to see if dst_file already exists.  \
\'97append  or \'97-overwrite\
- change all typedef\'92s to end in _t\
- get rid of src and dst_ ?  use order based on when \'97src_filename is specified.  (everything after is \'97dst)\
- accept script file (like .cfg)\
- multi-frame process\
\
TEMPORAL DITHERING\
\'97dither\
\
BUFFER MANAGEMENT:\
 Manage a global pool of planar buffers in &h \
 Pass pointers to stages if stage can be skipped\
\
Y\'92U\'92\'92V\'92\'92\
      - y\'92u\'92v\'92:  subsample in u\'92v\'92 instead of XZ\
- add y\'92u\'92v\'92   and y\'92u\'92\'92v\'92\'92\
- add histogram generator (with quantize option)\
\
CONVERSION:\
- separate convert into Yuvprime and YCbCr routines\
\
SUPER_SCALER:\
- blackman/hanning \
- directional filters. \
- bright_mean\
- lanconz. \
- gary filter\
\
PATTERN:\
- measure DCT entropy for pattern6\
- experiment with different percentages.\
\
- how to use the metadata to drive ACES workflow. etc. \
(extract VUI from decoder, use to drive aces)\
}